Docs update about IngressClass & new controller-level flags (#2002)
kubernetes-sigs/aws-load-balancer-controller: docs/deploy/configurations.md

|aws-region                             | string                          | [instance metadata](#instance-metadata)    | AWS Region for the kubernetes cluster |
|aws-vpc-id                             | string                          | [instance metadata](#instance-metadata)    | AWS VPC ID for the Kubernetes cluster |
|cluster-name                           | string                          |                 | Kubernetes cluster name|
|default-tags                           | stringMap                       |                 | AWS Tags that will be applied to all AWS resources managed by this controller. Specified Tags takes highest priority |

> |default-ssl-policy                     | string                          | ELBSecurityPolicy-2016-08 | Default SSL Policy that will be applied to all ingresses or services that do not have the SSL Policy annotation |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|default-ssl-policy                     | string                          | ELBSecurityPolicy-2016-08 | Default SSL Policy that will be applied to all Ingresses or Services that do not have the SSL Policy annotation |
```

> |[disable-ingress-class-annotation](#disable-ingress-class-annotation)       | boolean                         | false           | Disable new usage of `kubernetes.io/ingress.class` annotation |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[disable-ingress-class-annotation](#disable-ingress-class-annotation)       | boolean                         | false           | Disable new usage of the `kubernetes.io/ingress.class` annotation |
```

> |[disable-ingress-group-name-annotation](#disable-ingress-group-name-annotation)  | boolean                         | false           | Disable new usage for `alb.ingress.kubernetes.io/group.name` annotation |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[disable-ingress-group-name-annotation](#disable-ingress-group-name-annotation)  | boolean                         | false           | Disallow new use of the `alb.ingress.kubernetes.io/group.name` annotation |
```

> |enable-leader-election                 | boolean                         | true            | Enable leader election for controller manager. Enabling this will ensure there is only one active controller manager |

Reviewer: Is this correct:
```suggestion
|enable-leader-election                 | boolean                         | true            | Enable leader election for the load balancer controller manager. Enabling this will ensure there is only one active controller manager |
```
?

|enable-pod-readiness-gate-inject       | boolean                         | true            | If enabled, targetHealth readiness gate will get injected to the pod spec for the matching endpoint pods |
|enable-shield                          | boolean                         | true            | Enable Shield addon for ALB |
|enable-waf                             | boolean                         | true            | Enable WAF addon for ALB |
|enable-wafv2                           | boolean                         | true            | Enable WAF V2 addon for ALB |

> |external-managed-tags                  | stringList                      |                 | AWS Tag keys that should will be managed externally. Specified Tags will be ignored during reconciliation |

Reviewer 2: nit: "will be" or "are" instead of "should will be" :)

Author: make sense :D

> |external-managed-tags                  | stringList                      |                 | AWS Tag keys that should will be managed externally. Specified Tags will be ignored during reconciliation |

Reviewer: Same thing as a commitable suggestion:
```suggestion
 |external-managed-tags                  | stringList                      |                 | AWS Tag keys that will be managed externally. Specified Tags are ignored during reconciliation |
```

Author: thanks for these suggestions. really constructive and helpful 😄

|targetgroupbinding-max-concurrent-reconciles | int                       | 3               | Maximum number of concurrently running reconcile loops for targetGroupBinding |
|watch-namespace                        | string                          |                 | Namespace the controller watches for updates to Kubernetes objects, If empty, all namespaces are watched. |
|webhook-bind-port                      | int                             | 9443            | The TCP port the Webhook server binds to |
|webhook-cert-dir                       | string                          | /tmp/k8s-webhook-server/serving-certs | The directory that contains the server key and certificate |
|webhook-cert-file                      | string                          | tls.crt | The server certificate name |
|webhook-key-file                       | string                          | tls.key | The server key name |

### disable-ingress-class-annotation

> `--disable-ingress-class-annotation` controls whether to disable new usage of `kubernetes.io/ingress.class` annotation.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
`--disable-ingress-class-annotation` controls whether to disable new usage of the `kubernetes.io/ingress.class` annotation.
```

Once disabled:

> * you can no longer create Ingresses with `kubernetes.io/ingress.class` annotation that have value equal to `alb`(can be overridden via `--ingress-class` flag) of this controller.
> 
> * you can no longer update Ingresses with `kubernetes.io/ingress.class` annotation to have value equal to `alb`(can be overridden via `--ingress-class` flag) of this controller.
> 
> * you can still create Ingresses with `kubernetes.io/ingress.class` annotation that have other values(e.g. nginx)

Reviewer: Is this right?
```suggestion
* you can no longer create Ingresses with the value of the `kubernetes.io/ingress.class` annotation equal to `alb` (can be overridden via `--ingress-class` flag of this controller).

* you can no longer update Ingresses to set the value of the `kubernetes.io/ingress.class` annotation equal to `alb` (can be overridden via `--ingress-class` flag of this controller).

* you can still create Ingresses with a `kubernetes.io/ingress.class` annotation that has other values (for example: "nginx")
```

### disable-ingress-group-name-annotation
`--disable-ingress-group-name-annotation` controls whether to disable new usage of `alb.ingress.kubernetes.io/group.name` annotation.

Once disabled:

> * you can no longer create Ingresses with `alb.ingress.kubernetes.io/group.name` annotation.
> * you can no longer update Ingresses with `alb.ingress.kubernetes.io/group.name` annotation to have different value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* you can no longer create Ingresses with the `alb.ingress.kubernetes.io/group.name` annotation.
* you can no longer alter the value of a `alb.ingress.kubernetes.io/group.name` annotation on an existing Ingress.
```
?

Reviewer 2: an `alb...` instead of a `alb...`
